c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/adv/scenario/c24/20/602/translation.txt

//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
「またラブホテルに誘ってくれてありがとうございます♡　デート中、私を魅力的に思ってくれたということですよね？　嬉しいです♡」=“Thank you for taking me to a love hotel again♡ You must have found me really charming on our date, right?♡ I'm really happy♡”

> 「最近、[H名]がますます可愛くなってきたからね」=“You just keep getting cuter and cuter these days, afterall.”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
「最近、[H名]がますます可愛くなってきたからね」=“You just keep getting cuter and cuter these days, after all.”
```
